          Very nice and classic looking watch with added benefit of date window & radium for night use. Good built quality of watch and leather straps are also made of good materials. Got delivered in 2 days only. Superb watch at reasonable pricing...!!!! Thank you Amazon.
          This is my personal feedback as per my preference.I bought this watch along with the CHAPS watch.I found the overall look & functionality of CHAPS better than this one.The dial does not look much attractive to me as it looks & feels bulky but not big, also there is a big bezel which steals away the look.Although the overall quality is superb, no doubt about it as its a watch by Titan.So decide for urself as I have attached couple of pictures to justify my feedback.
          The watch looks magnificent. But the box in which the watch was packed by the seller is very dusty.
          Nice product and,  cool looking must buy everyone Prefer to buy under 2k
          One of the best Budget analog watch with belt in this 2500rs Segment.This watch is an impressive one.Excellent look.Good build quality.Good Strap design and color.Perfect Fit.Big black dial with radium light glow function.Overall it's a trusted product to buy.Cheers!
          Perfect look. Bought for my friend. Color combination is so fab. It goes with Indian & western outfits. Having both casual and professional look. Amazing product.
          Watch is good in looks but have to return itBecause the tab it has from.which ee can adjust time is loosed .If it gets pressed while movement watch stops to work.so have to return it.
          Its a nice product for men. I ordered this watch for my uncle. He was very happy after wearing this watch. He loved it.
          Awesome product, really good value for money.Sleek and elegant design. Enhance your style both in casual and formal.Pros: Nice  build quality, strong leather strap,  simple and elegabt looksCons: Dial is little smaller,  does not come with 'day' notifier.Overall a great product.  Got it within 4 days. Thanx amazon team.
          Awsm watch just go for it...looks classic and casual also....Leather quality is good....everything working properly I am using it from last 6 months no issues yet....Overall awsm watch
          Very nice and classic looking watch with added benefit of date window & radium for night use. Good built quality of watch and leather straps are also made of good materials. Got delivered in 2 days only. Superb watch at reasonable pricing...!!!! Thank you Amazon.
          This is my personal feedback as per my preference.I bought this watch along with the CHAPS watch.I found the overall look & functionality of CHAPS better than this one.The dial does not look much attractive to me as it looks & feels bulky but not big, also there is a big bezel which steals away the look.Although the overall quality is superb, no doubt about it as its a watch by Titan.So decide for urself as I have attached couple of pictures to justify my feedback.
          The watch looks magnificent. But the box in which the watch was packed by the seller is very dusty.
          Nice product and,  cool looking must buy everyone Prefer to buy under 2k
          One of the best Budget analog watch with belt in this 2500rs Segment.This watch is an impressive one.Excellent look.Good build quality.Good Strap design and color.Perfect Fit.Big black dial with radium light glow function.Overall it's a trusted product to buy.Cheers!
          Perfect look. Bought for my friend. Color combination is so fab. It goes with Indian & western outfits. Having both casual and professional look. Amazing product.
          Watch is good in looks but have to return itBecause the tab it has from.which ee can adjust time is loosed .If it gets pressed while movement watch stops to work.so have to return it.
          Its a nice product for men. I ordered this watch for my uncle. He was very happy after wearing this watch. He loved it.
          Awesome product, really good value for money.Sleek and elegant design. Enhance your style both in casual and formal.Pros: Nice  build quality, strong leather strap,  simple and elegabt looksCons: Dial is little smaller,  does not come with 'day' notifier.Overall a great product.  Got it within 4 days. Thanx amazon team.
          Awsm watch just go for it...looks classic and casual also....Leather quality is good....everything working properly I am using it from last 6 months no issues yet....Overall awsm watch
          I got this product on October 2019 some time and on November 2019 i.e. with in a month it stopped working. Not sure if battery is died or what. I cant return as well since it's more than an month now and I missed by few days only.
          Recieved it in less than 12 hours of ordering. Brought it for my father and he liked it. Its sleek and best in this range. The dial is bright and the numbers also are bright which makes it easire to read. The built quility is excellent. The leather is of very good quality and the steel feels premium.
          I gifted this to my father.Excellent product
          The watch is better than it looks in the picture. I liked the strap very much. Bought it for my brother and he liked it.
          It's Very nice and classic looking watch. Also with added benefit of date window &amp; radium for night use. leather straps are also made of good materials.Superb watch at reasonable pricing...!!!!
          I have been wearing so many watches from my early childhood and this watch was one of the best I have ever had. It do good. I can't tell you how good it goes with all the causal and formals as well. It's a pretty amazing watch for the price it comes.
          Its a beautiful watch , but the strap is towards camel brown and not whats shown in the pictures
          Nice watch with such a lovely dial design, wrist belt is also looking so good. I purchased it in Rs. 2075,and I found it's worth purchasing. Packaging is very good. I am going to order more watch of same design. Thank you Amazon 😍😊
          In this price it is absolutely fine .The  looks of it is well and composed. If there is some more bigger, then it will be fantastic, for normal size hand it fits good but for bigger hands it doesn't fits. If ur thinking for  a casual  look then go for it.
          Super duper hit,excellent product  keep it up Amazon, my second partner Amazon.... Thanks
          First of all I appreciate the packing, and next the dial was superb.only a lil bit dissatisfaction is with the belt.its not genuine leather as mentioned and its seems to come off so soon!! You can go for this👍
          Very Nice Wrist Watch with dial and strap I like it so much. But I think I'll have to return because Date function is not working properly after using 5 days so I'm gona return this.
          Reviewing after 2 months use.. titans best watch under 1.5k ..
          I am using the watch since last 2 months,its working nicely and looking awesone. Wrist band is good,dial is attractive,till now no scratches after felldown 2-3 times. But the rate is little high.
          Not water proof but as my experience it is not get affected with little water
          Gifted to dad and working fine from past 2 months.
          Stylish and durable. A fantastic buy.
          Great product !! I gave it as a gift to my dad and he loved it. The built quality is great and feels premium
          Good product.The belt of watch is not of the same colour which is shown in the pictureSee reviews for actual colour of the belt.Rest everything is good.
          The watch is as per my expectations. Light weight but sturdy.
          I look there is a problem with the data.  which contains same repeated data like starts from ever  month 1 to 31 .so what about the other month????...like February.please exlpain for this ..👈👈
          Does look premium on your hand.....Amazon delivered this product in perfect condition 👌
          Very fast delivery from Amazon. Product received is much better than expected as per earlier reviews. Must buy product having simple and sobar looks and suitable for routine use and as well as for all occasions.
          Awsomm watch looks wise awsom quality wise also nice 😄
          Average product
          Good one at best price just 1088
          Good quality
          Good one
          It is a nice purchase for the given price. The packing was done efficiently so that there was no water damage to the watch. Also the delivery executive followed all the appropriate measures for no-contact delivery.
          Good product with good built in quality the strap is seems to be have longer life than those fakes leatherone
          Good looking. But could be tricky to see the time if phosphorescent dial isn't activated
          This watch looks great. Accurate time. Good packaging
          Titan watch are best quality but I felt that I was cheated by seller. They sell me a defective piece Because after some days it`s date is not working well  I have to set it every day.
          Loved this watch !!
          Deliver product band colour different than showing in pic
          Good for gifting someone. Titan as usual is a trusted brand. Belt colour varies from the pic. Its slightly lighter.
          Built quality is goodBut not scratch resistantNo light or illuminator
          Small straps, no width but look classy
          Good but Not so great at this price tag
          Nice
          Delivered on time by amazon and it is a stunning piece though. Feels super comfy in hand and looks great as well.
          All are good but the leather quality and belt design  is not enough with the titan product
          Cover box cheap: TITAN printed on box seems fake. No warranty card stamped and as per titan policy it should be stamped. Returned it for same reason but again they sent same product
          Good product overall especially the dials
          Bought it a month back as a gift. One month down the line it does'nt work properly.
          It fit well with my wrist.. Good quality
          This watch is super good-looking..i am happy with this watch
          Really fits well my wrist...liked it...
          Good and stylish but not seen any light and not checked with water resistance
          Good productGo for itOnly rate is little higher it should be between 1500 to 1800
          This is awesome watch for me and reasonable price watch quality is excellent and belt are also good quality colour are same on shown the picture at a time of purchase
          Loyal to the core. The look, the feel, the weight, the package and etc, all are perfectly calibrated.
          Price high
          Very very nice product
          Worth for money...gifted to husband for anniversary..he loved it...
          Good product
          Must value for money very good product ......I love Tata products ....made in India .....
          I bought it for my father n lukong gorgeous
          No problem after use
          Value for the money. I gifted for my relative and he liked it very much.
          Excellent product
          good but if you expect big dial than it's not for you
          Color diffrs frm the actual one..
          Very elegant watch.  Looks perfect. Certainly one of the best
          only reason to give 4 was the dial size is slightly smaller than what i expected. rest is all good.
          Great watch at great price....loved the product.
          Nice build, only thing is i don't like is numbers are not radiate in dark like hands.
          I gifted this watch and receiver loved it
          Decent product. Have flurocent in needles to see time in night time.
          This watch is so nice and built quality is very good and also it looks very 😎Value for money.
          I like the watch . But the strap is bit small . If you have bigger wrist than this product not recommended.
          Product was very good, not a big dial who are expected for big dial don't buy it, otherwise watch absolutely perfect.
          Well but its leather belt damaged after 6 month used....
          I ordered this watch for my loving husband to his bdy and he was happy for this beautiful gift.
          Same as shown in the picture. Thanks Amazon for the product and instant delivery.Titan needs no introduction.
          Nice looking.....good watch
          Outstanding product.Decent and yet stylish.This was a perfect gift that I got from my wife..And as usual,top notch delivery service by Amazon
          The product quality is good. For men with a wrist that is thick, the dial size may appear smaller.
          FANTASTIC MINDBLOWING PURCHASE
          Nice look...
          Watch dial is nice. Nice good product
          nice watch
          This is awesome watch for men and 12 to 16 years boys excellent belt and good looking
          price is too much high. Thickness is well.
          Very nice 👌
          Too much small size of belt, even if you have thin hands it would be fixed in last point, returned the product with beyond dissatisfaction.
          Ok.good product
          Beautiful...full value for money...my hubby love this..
          Only date change issue
          Stop functioning within month.. And it's not water resistant. Battery get dead in 1 month
          Very poor quality don't buy the date is not changing
          Loved the watch in first look only !
          The strap is not up to the mark rest watch is ok ...for daily use
          Good one
          It's looks cool... Value for money
          To be honest! This watch is value for money 💰 .
          Awesome..
          Nice product
          It's good and my husband is very happy about the watch
          Very eligible watch and also worth of money and very good at built plus design
          Meet the expectations. Size is also according to the product image. Satisfied.
          Looks expensive in deaign and material
          I loved this watch.
          Wow super
          Awesome product happy with that
          Ok watch
          I got simple and perfect watch. As l require. I m satisfied this product.
          Very nice watch after wearing it's look like a royal look simple & royal
          Worth the price
          Very nice watch exactly shown in picture
          My favourite I love this product..Value for money
          Nice classy looking watch....Leather is not too good.overall a good product.
          very good as expected with the picture and description.. looks too officially..
          This item was not working properly and looking like a local made watch
          Suitable for Daily use
          Good watch for medium and small size wrist it's dial is medium size relly liked it lets see how it goes .
          This watch is valu for money and this watch is very strong.........@
          I like it so much. It is very good and nice......The delivery was so fast also....I like it......
          Really an awesome product n value for d money....Happy to buy this watch...Thank u Amazon....
          Classy look, built quality is good and worth for the value
          It's costly, in this price range about 2400 we have better options
          Good watch .
          Not as good as in photo. Returned
          Remarkable product by Titan. It,s value for money and increase your dignity and personality. Thanks, Amazon for helping to buy this product.
          Good
          Its good n attractive and the quality is also very good
          Was much greater than expected.perfect fitting.classic product.
          I love the watch
          I am satisfied. Good 👍
          Dial is little bit small but except that everything is perfect
          Nice and durable, leather belt is good but not so attractive.
          Strap colour is little bit dull compared with Amazon images .
          The product is good but the dial size and belt is too small
          nice watch.i bought it for my friend and he loved it
          Good
          Very good quality
          Nice product as compare its rate and most wonderful thing it is waterproof
          Nice Product
          Nice product
          Worth buying this one for regular use and formal occasion.
          It looks different in picture and the actual of the watch.
          Good product...
          Very nice watch.... Gifted to my hubby .. he loved it😍
          Large dailOption are not showing order booking time
          Awesome
          Excellent product
          Quality is good but range is to high
          Good QualityValue for money
          Outstanding, exceeds expectations, a must buy.
          Very nice watchValue for money..
          it ia very good in looking n conforntable ,attractive
          Price is high
          Dont know about its water resistance aur not?
          Slightly not happy with the quality
          Quality is impressive. Good. Keep up the good work.
          Just amazing product.best design . I loved it
          Okay good but some times date won't work properly
          Good looking
          It is an amazing watch but if you looking for an big dial watch then you are searching in wrong place.
          Good looking. Impressive to gift
          Nice look
          Very nice product.value for money😍
          i like it realy
          Value for money
          Not that badLooks decent
          The watch is amazing and the belt quality is super i am very happy for this awesome packaging and quality of the titan watch😊😊
          Okay but not fulfill my expectations
          looks nice
          Broken case and brought by mistake .
          its good in looks and best as per the price
          Good product..
          Not bad,just ok type
          Nice watch ⌚
          Parking is very badWhatcha not working properly
          Good
          Too good.
          Value for money
          Superb one. Go for it guyz..
          Terrafic
          Nice
          value for money
          Looking very nice and neat, I like it.
          Nice watch
          Good Product, as shown in Amazon.....
          Very very good looking watch....it is too good than my expectation...
          Luck vety nove
          Nice
          Nice look as expected
          Review after 18 months useWatch was exellent , working great in water also.Watch strap was just ok , beacuse of water my leather starp was gone.Till now there is no problem
          It's fantastic watch in reasonable price and service was good watch look really good warranty card inside the box and bill also
          Tikhe tha .. paisa vi jayada na lale halo ..1500 me diya hamko ..Diwali offer chalo halo that time ...
          It's like normal watch,no radium lighting it's totally disappointed me,Watch belt is worstNo value of money
          It's a beautiful watch and it's a small analogue watch not for big hand looking very nice. Very nice product
          The waste stops after 1 hour when I bought from the delivery boy. So my suggestion is dont waste your money
          As always Amazon never let me down.. it's awesome... Loved it.. delivery was super first... Definitely good job done by Amazon.. thank you
          Flipkart is giving discount of Rs500 go for it there I got from there.. Because Watch fantastic go for it
          I gifted this to my 💕 nd  we are so happy nd satisfied with the delivery, packing nd moreover the product!  It looks elegant and formal!  Really a good watch guys!
          Good product nd prompt delivery by Amazon
          Very good for official look and casual look.. Will anytime prefer this over sonata 😀
          Good
          Nice watch
          Nice product
          Liked the watch. Looks decent. Gifted to my husband..he loved it...👍
          Value for money
          Nice watch
          Value for money
          Supar digin is exlent
          Classy watch, good quality genuine leather strap worth the deal
          Nice looking
          Nice
          Excellent watch. Looks genuine .
          Best colour,best design looking awesome
          I'm very disappointed about this product.
          Good
          Colour was different
          Superb watch ⌚
          Perfect
          Awesome watch
          Warranty wont covered by local dealer or titan authorised service centre
          Useless fake product
          Excellent
          Great time with Titan
          I received the watch this week and overall I am pretty pleased with the purchase.  The only area of concern would be the length of the watch.  I don't have overly large wrists in fact I would describe them as average but the length of the band is short in comparison to bands on other watches that I own. I guess I'll have to buy a longer band because I like the watch.
          I wore it as soon as i pulled it out of the package. Been wearing it pretty much every single day. It's minimal enough to be worn with a dress shirt or a polo. Not too big not too small, just bold enough to grab attention.
          Nice watch that looks attractive, however the watchband is very short.  I have relatively narrow wrists for a man, and I have to use the last hole in the band to fasten it.
          Watch does looks good professionally and it is as per the description in the site. Only the leather strap is bit rusty so bit difficult to buckle up.
          This watch is very comfortable to wear and keeps excellent time Accuracy. With a very  stylish look ,I am very satisfied with my purchase. Thank you
          Leather belt not flexible
          nice product, paisa wasol
          Slick, sturdy and light weight watch.Value for money with super fast delivery. Very satisfied 😊.
          Good
          not as shown in picture
          Very good product Titan
          Just superb.. I have gifted to someone special.. He really loved it.. 😍
          For regular wear its very comfortable..Light weight and also best combination of dial and belt...
          Absolutely elegant, value for money.
          It's simply awesome.... It's looks great than this picture... Loved it... I brought this for my hubby 😍
          Little costly compared to other designs but nice product
